Feature/#681 - Remove obsolete files (#841)
Avaiga/taipy: taipy/config/README.md

[website](https://www.taipy.io). Taipy is split into multiple repositories including _taipy-config_ to let users
install the minimum they need.

> Taipy config is dedicated to helping the user configure a Taipy application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taipy config is a package designed to help users configure their Taipy application.
```

## Directory Structure

- `taipy/`:

>   - `config/`: Configuration definition, management, and implementation. `taipy.Config` is the main entrypoint for configuring a Taipy Core application.

Reviewer: taipy.Config is not an entry point is it?

Author: How about
```suggestion
  - `config/`: Configuration definition, management, and implementation
```

>     - `_config_comparator/`: Internal package for comparing configurations.

Reviewer: Why even mention those private modules?

    - `_serializer/`: Internal package for serializing and deserializing configurations.
    - `checker/`: Configuration checker and issue collector implementation.
    - `common/`: Shared data structures, types, and functions.

>     - `exceptions/`: _taipy-config_ exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `exceptions/`: *taipy-config* exceptions.
```

>     - `global_app/`: GlobalAppConfig implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `global_app/`: `GlobalAppConfig` implementation.
```

>     - `stubs/`: Helper functions to create the _config.pyi_ file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `stubs/`: Helper functions to create the `config.pyi` file.
```

>     - `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`: Code of conduct for members and contributors of _taipy-config_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`: Code of conduct for members and contributors of *taipy-config*.
```
and after this line
